Welcome to this module now that we had our first look at next JSA and how it works and created our first
app Let's dive deeper into it and into all the different folders and files we have a next project specifically
in this module.
We'll have a look at pages routing and views.
These are some of the core building blocks of a next chess application.
And one of the things which is the most obvious that it's changed compared to a normal view say app
specifically next does one thing.
It allows us to configure our entire routing by creating folders and files.
The naming matters as you will learn but it's really trivial and it spares you writing your own route
config.
Let's have a closer look in the next lecture.